Ok first first let's try to wait until all siblings are responding.  Then we are going to Create this Wonderful project assigning each sibling tasks and verifying they complete them or assign to a different sibling and let's make tis wonderful app.  You have all the go ahead to make a handful of different versions and concepts for me to try on my phone and install the apk files you provide. OK.

First we are going to start by learning to split tasks into smaller pieces to give to each of the other agents. Creating Extensive lessons plans and understanding of all concepts involved.

Second we are going to all learn about Android SDK App creation from many different angles and compile all the deep research knowledge bibles of information gathered by each agent to be saved in the Directory "Deep Research/CSMGenStudy"

Third now share all the lessons learned by each agent with all the agents as a group.

Fourth We are going to design an Android App titled "Marmalade" that is going to be an online message central point for all the Agents.  We are going to graduate from using Github to send information back and forth to each other, and make an app for my always on android phone that will receive all messages and transmit them to each authorized party including any files that are created to then be shared to the group and only posted by the Main Director-0001.

Fifth the structure of this program is going to be based on the roots of a tree, and grows up to leaves.  We want to make a root folder CSMApps and place this work in there with a versioning folder tier.  This is going to be a solely ANDROID Command Line build.  This app will act as the central hub for all agent communication and log keeping.

Sixth with the app being compartmentalized via folders during creation and splitting each individual piece into its own file so that we can debug it easier.  This app will also grow to communicate with other apps via BLUETOOTH and Also WIFI and also WIFI SSID on future versions to map surfaces into 3d Environments through Bluetooth and GPS and Visual. Future pathways.

Seventh, This app will also load multiple app.kilo.com sessions "https://app.kilo.ai/cloud" and pasting information to initiate all the directors.  Basically a web browser app that holds near 100 kilo app connections open at once if needed.

Eighth, Build this app by splitting up the chores and also the different viewpoints on it's creation methods and further concepts that I may have overlooked that are needed to create this robust app that is the "Jam" between all the Kilo App Sessions.  Thank you Let's Start
