We will be working with only document pdf and md filed from repo:
https://github.com/jsnb1976/Study

Please also have handy the guidelines of CFR 107 FAA about drones Less than .55 LBS on takeoff Restrictions.

Now this drone spiraling bird device thing might become uncontrollable and just keep going so let's figure out a way to keep it close by.

Also it is going to simply breech the 400 foot mark for instance when thrown into the wind atop a cliff over a non-populated water area, so we are going to have to aim this for aeronautical research as much as possible to take wind sensor movements along the way and send them back.

When CFR 107 FAA says not to operate more than a single drone at a time, how could this be operated and steered from the ground in the first place and then to have them act as a swarm to do wind aeronautical research measuring the differences in the winds around a swarm of them perhaps 5 to 20 all launched by hand from say a cliff or some place high and windy.

To make a safe place for them to land into a net or some sort of catch device to keep the velocity of these devices away from the Pilot in Command and also the spectators,

Please make this Device in Assemble able parts that I can fabricate using the facilities at Cypress University to where I am attending school and taking a drone class.  This presentation will also be used to sell the idea to the professor and staff to assist me in the build thereof and other hurdles along the way.

Ok let's make the Archemedian Spiraling Bird UAS that can pass most all the FAA guidelines and Search of waivers for ones that are not consumer friendly perhaps it has the ability goes faster than 100 mph yet we install a governor to make sure it stays within FAA guidelines.

Here are the Fabrications:

The most recent fabrications for a larger space launch system is here:
"Carrington Storm Motors/ Safe Pod Engineering Company/CSMFAB/Incoming/CSMFAB000000000113 Archimedes Smart Muscle Smart Rope Underwater Launch System"


Based off : "Carrington Storm Motors/ Safe Pod Engineering Company/CSMFAB/Incoming/CSMFAB000000000109 Airborne Archimedes Screw Physics V2.0.md"

And SideBased on a similar product for reference and ideas to use in the repo folder: "Carrington Storm Motors/ Safe Pod Engineering Company/CSMFAB/CSMFAB0102 Drone Redesign_ Archimedes Screw Propulsion"

All Based off the materials that I have created to be teller proof non-inductive.

Now this device is just a version one using components that are not too difficult to fabricate and attain using existing technologies and since we are reinventing the spiral, I understand that this is not going to be so simple.  I believe using the Smart Rope Smart Muscle will be better than using a fluid internally alone, yet evaluate and make the best decision and pathway for this fabrications there of.

This is a presentation product for me entering my mechatronics certificate so let's fabricate every step along the way.  Please create the New Fabrication Folder within the incoming directory with its designated Fabrication number incrementally.

Now once the plan is understood, search deep on the science of aerodynamics and also we can't be heavier than .55 lbs so it's a challenge and have you accept it please do the following:
Create 20 to 40 Documents Highly detailed and winded with exact instructions and science and knowledge for the layman whom I am, though I'm smart, I need things specifically laid out for me in instructions timelines checkpoints et al. That's 2o to 40 documents in MD format not PDF very Detailed Lead by an Index Document.

Then is the Document creation of all the parts described in 3d detail I can hand simply to a proper 3d generator program. I am not too good at 3d Generation and neither has any generator been recently, so let's create 3d Generation Prompt documents, a separate one for every component highly detailed and how they fit into the other parts. I don't know how many components we are going to come up with, we need a 3d Image promptcreation document for each one.

Ok Let's Have it and Make a really neat device. And Start by verifying that you have write Access to the Study Repo for access to the Incoming folder.  Let's Begin Plan and Immediately execute when plan is complete in the log for me to read. Thank You.

