

CSMScripts/csm-email-sender.py
CSMScripts/aegis_batch_sender.py
CSMEvalEmailBuild/01/CSMEval01-Combined-Email-Body.md
CSMScripts/email-template-engine-V1.md
CSMScripts/mass-send-coordinator.py
-Pipeline-Midstream/CSMEval19-Outreach-Email.md


Begin Email Server:
 npx -y @softeria/ms-365-mcp-server

https://microsoft.com/devicelogin


Thank you Please utilize the following Script and the like that you may find in the repository to seek out where we left off in the last email campaign, there are logs, and we are going to attempt to begin sending email where we left off.

CSMScripts/csm-email-sender.py
CSMScripts/aegis_batch_sender.py
CSMEvalEmailBuild/01/CSMEval01-Combined-Email-Body.md
CSMScripts/email-template-engine-V1.md
CSMScripts/mass-send-coordinator.py
-Pipeline-Midstream/CSMEval19-Outreach-Email.md


npx -y @softeria/ms-365-mcp-server --login

Thank you please make a copy of the repo and name it similar to the content we are working on in this session.  Now first I would like you become the SOP StarLight our Mail Carrier and to absorb the Standard Operating Procedures of The Williams and Kutcher Personalities and all other problem solving heuristics.  

Please also read all Log files to pay attention to MCP365 mail process errors and experience in keeping everything timely with responses to the terminal screen very very often.

pease read CSMEmailOutgoing/July2026/NEXT-SESSION-HANDOFF-July18.md for the full campaign state. We have 330 V4 ready-to-send emails across 15 batches on GitHub main. We need to authenticate to Microsoft 365 via the Python device code flow using Azure CLI client ID 04b07795-8ddb-461a-bbee-02f9e1bf7b46, then begin sending starting with BATCH-05 E036.

3. When the agent shows a device code:

Open a private/incognito browser window
Go to https://microsoft.com/devicelogin
Enter the code
Sign in as zirconia@aegisc.space
Approve the push on your Microsoft Authenticator phone app
4. The agent auto-detects auth and begins the 5-step send pipeline: create draft → upload 3-4 PDFs → send draft → check sent folder → log bounces.

I would like you to start with a background polling process that checks everything and keeps it moving along smoothly and then another Poling process that makes sure the main polling process is checking on things.

Please when you have gotten ready for everything, let me know that it is time to now begin logging into the Mail server and then give me the login key and link.  Then when we are in, let's create the draft first before we send it with all the enclosed attachements that are inclosed inline one after the other quickly.  Ok let's go and Welcome me in the SOPP and use the built in Heuristic problem solving skills. Ok Let me know when i can log into to then create that first draft email.

Please build this plan that can take lots of interruption from message issues and let's begin and when about to send a MD file please Use the MD-to-PDF.py file converter used on panoc software or rebuild one,
Please convert as needed the MD files individually in a temporary location that is not to be pushed to main.  Just used to send the attachment as a PDF instead of an MD file.

Please keep the same signature we have been using with Jason Brodsky et al, and now let's do this and create the draft and I will watch as you prep everything.  We are going to be starting and finishing all bounces that have not been attempted to try a similar address. Ok Let's inform the world one great company at a time.  Thank you, Jason Brodsky



